Lab 2 Report

Task 1:
I implemented the publishing functionality within the subscriber script.

MQTT allows us to implement a communication across a publicly available server.
By specifying the topic, we can send messages within our group. 
My partner and I were able to send messages both to ourselves and to each other
with incremented counts. 
The main difficulty with MQTT would be if there are plenty of publishers, there would be async issues to deal with when it comes
to receiving messages.
I would use a lag time of a few seconds since if there is another client publishing plenty of data,
there could be race conditions.
I think for our type of project where we will be using IoT MQTT would be an ideal option.

Task 2:
The speech recognition was able to distinguish between cat and dog well (see screenshot)
The speech recognition was unable to distinguish between sound and found (see screenshot)
The speech recognition kept following along for a lengthy page-long speech. Shortening the length of the phrase
would make it easier for testing and error correction rather than having to go through a very long phrase.
The speech recognition was able to work well in the lab because it set a minimum energy threshold to check for noise in the background.

(a) With the given speech program, we will be able to detect users words as inputs. Since it is not very precise on similar sounding words, 
we will need to fine tune it or rely on different sounding words.
(b) Since we do not have a final project idea decided yet, it is hard to say. However, I believe the complexity is not necessary since we have the basic
functionality working. We would just need to be able to filter out words that do not match user input.
(c) I think a missed recognition would definitely hurt the progress of the game. I think we would need it to be pretty accurate and we could have the
users input repeated so the user can confirm their statement.
(d) I think we would need to test the speech recognition in different environments to make sure it is working well regardless of noise.